I'll sign the contract
I am willing to give you 70% of the shares
Then
That's it first
I'll go back and defuse what you said.
Lu Yao, you are too amazing
From now on, you will be responsible for the business field
Mr. Shi really thanks you Lu Yao
Okay, okay.
Acquired two companies today
We have to celebrate
Don't spread the news
We, Huayue Technology, were officially established today
Ok, I'll go then.
The opening ceremony of Du Yang Company will start soon
Remember to bring Miss Tian over?
Ok, waiting for you.
Shi Tiancong, what are you doing here? You are not welcome.
Hurry up sister
Today is the first day of Huayue Technology's opening
How could you drive me away?
OK
Happy opening